[MKC-1824] Correct errors in Alvik User Manual (#2156)
arduino/docs-content: content/micropython/01.basics/05.digital-analog-pins/digital-analog-pins.md

while True:
    pwm.duty_u16(duty)
```

### PWM on GIGA (STM32)

On STM32 boards like the GIGA R1, the PWM setup is slightly different. You need to use the `Timer` module along with the `Pin` module to configure PWM.

Here's how you can set up PWM on STM32 boards:

```python
from machine import Pin, Timer

pin1 = Pin("PC6", Pin.OUT_PP, Pin.PULL_NONE)
timer1 = Timer(3, freq=1000)
channel1 = timer1.channel(1, Timer.PWM, pin=pin1, pulse_width=0)

duty = 50  # Duty cycle percentage (0-100)

while True:
    channel1.pulse_width_percent(duty)
```

In this example:

- `pin1` is configured as an output pin with no pull-up or pull-down resistors.
- `timer1` is initialized with a frequency of 1000 Hz.

> - `channel1` is created on timer 3, channel 1, and is set to PWM mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `channel1` is created on timer 3, and it sets it as PWM mode.

```

> - `channel1.pulse_width_percent(duty)` sets the duty cycle of the PWM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `channel1.pulse_width_percent(duty)` sets the duty cycle of the PWM.

```
